Removes instructions related to init_gadget and replaces them with do… (#497)
nerves-project/nerves: docs/Getting Started.md

To end your ssh connection type `exit`, or you can use the `ssh` command
`<enter>~.`

### Wireless and wired Ethernet connections
The `config/config.exs` generated in a new Nerves project will setup connections
for USB and Ethernet by default. Instructions on further configuring them, or to

> configure wireless connections, please refer to the [VintageNet](https://github.com/nerves-networking/vintage_net)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configure wireless connections, please refer to [Configure networking](https://hexdocs.pm/nerves/user-interfaces.html#configure-networking) or [VintageNet](https://hexdocs.pm/vintage_net)
```
